[Bulk] Validation - Missing descriptions (#1473)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/wpf/advanced/how-to-use-systemfonts.md

---
title: "How to: Use SystemFonts"

> description: Learn how to use SystemFonts, which is a static resource belonging to the xref:System.Windows.SystemFonts class. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: An example of using the SystemFonts class to style and customize a button in Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF).
```
